Always abide by the road workers' instructions.
The mother supervises her child to make sure of the child's safety.
In America, the Congress writes laws.
He asked me to sign the petition to legalize marijuana.
Doctor is the vocation which requires great responsibility.
My cousin is an instrumentalist in the New York Symphony orchestra ['ɔːrkɪstrə].
The dog is amenable [ə'miːnəbl] to his master's command.
This articulate young girl has her own talk radio program.
I need to cram for the exam.
The new law is definitive; we now know exactly what it means.
Refuel the car before the fuel depletes completely.
We could see the vast expanse of the valley below us.
I love the perfume's fragrant smell.
The inferiority [ɪnˌfɪri'ɔːrəti] of 'paper' to 'scissors' is well known.
This forest is full of prodigious trees.
The salinity of sea water varies depending on the presence of minerals.
The gourmand like to eat out for dinner every night.
The little dragon maiden has been depicted in diverse styles.
The school's faculty ['fæklti] is responsible for teaching the students.
I squeeze the fruit's pulp into juice.
There are a myriad ['mɪriəd] of colored bars.
People often apply quotation from Shakespeare.
Although blind people are deficient of sight, they have extra sensitive hearing.
To my consternation, my car wouldn't start this morning.
Luckily, my illness was ephemeral.
If we work diligently, we can finish this project today.
Pests are those irritating and harmful insects.
The doctor gave an anesthetic before surgery so that the patient would not feel pain.
The viscous honey dripped down slowly.
The addition of the blue solution serve to catalyze the reaction between the oil and soap.
He reads the Gospel ['ɡɑːspl] for inspiration every night before bed.
The dismal weather indicates that the rain is comming.
Many cows eat grass on the prairie ['preri].
People can use machines to plow the field now.
Darwin hypothesized that life evolves because better adapted life forms pass on their genes.
Olive trees can grow in semiarid areas with little rainfall.
Our teacher uses many pedagogic [ˌpedə'ɡɑːdʒɪk] techniques to make his lesson more interesting.
To solve the deficit ['defɪsɪt] we need to earn more or spend less.
When you think of Susan, you think of her notoriously messy hair.
The emancipation of slaves ensured the civil rights of the blacks.
My gradma needs medical assistance every once in a while.
This isn't a story, it's a nonfiction book about feminism.
The redness in my eye is caused by a bleeding capillary.
Her conclusion that mouse ate the apple was largely conjectual.
That accusation is outrageous - I never stole your car!
The bandage stays put because it has adhesive [əd'hiːsɪv] on one side.
The man's agitation of the crowd started the real trouble.
You can amplify your voice with a megaphone.
James can trace his ancestry back to England.
Now it's time to sing the National Anthem!
The arid sands of the desert were not inviting.
My arsenal ['ɑːrsənl] of weapons includes guns, bombs and swords.
The steep ascent [ə'sent] hurt our legs.
The armed police prepared for the assault.
The attendance is compulsory for this conference.
The Roomba is a completely autonomous [ɔː'tɑːnəməs] robot house cleaner.
We barter goods directly instead of trading money.
The scale has a bias.
There was a breach of trust in our relationship.
She is a celebrated ['selɪbreɪtɪd] actress.
The wind made for choppy seas today.
I suffer from chronic pain.
Many civilians joined the protests against the army.
My big sister's always trying to coax me into helping her!
We've always had fantastic cohesion [koʊ'hiːʒn] within our family.
One day, we'll colonize the moon!
Ants live a communal lifestyle, working together for the common good.
Take a comprehensive consideration in selecting your future husband.
This fingerprint is conclusive - the butler did it!
They conferred before the big meeting.
James seems like a conscientious [ˌkɒnʃɪ'enʃəs], hard-working student.
The pollution, and its consequent environmental effects, are bad for our health.
The barrels of waste contaminate [kən'tæməˌneɪt] the ground.
All the path converged on a single point.
That big amount of money is the evidence of corruption.
New York is a very cosmopolitan [ˌkɑːzmə'pɑːlɪtən] city.
What's the newest craze this year?
The rain didn't dampen our enthusiasm [ɪn'θuːziæzəm] for the picnic.
The early morning light created a dazzling scene in the forest.
The decent gentleman enjoys his leisure time with wine and cigar.
The plant died from a deficiency of water.
Wow, that food looks delectable!
The machine demolish the building.
The little girl's drawing depicts a house.
The baby cried as his friend deprived him of the toy.
The man with long armpit hair diffused some mysterious gas.
Her sad disposition really troubles her brother.
Fish and chips is a distinctly British dish.
We have to take a diversion as there is a barrier.
We're being diverted from the road, but we'll get back to it soon.
"Is it edible?" "Yes, you can eat it."
Cardinals are called 'Eminence' ['emɪnəns] because of their high status within the church.
Animals can graze safely in the enclosure.
Barbed wire encompassed [ɪn'kʌmpəs] the perimeter (周长) of the prison.
We endanger pandas by destroying their habitat ['hæbɪtæt].
This money went towards the endowment for our school.
I've never read a more engaging book.
The judge's decision was equitable [ek'weɪtəbl] to everyone involved.
The water is starting to evaporate.
I am claiming a tax exemption [ɪɡ'zempʃn] for my family this year.
The city is hit by extensive flooding.
That faucet is dripping a little.
A good carnival dress has to be flamboyant [flæm'bɔɪənt].
Driven by thirst, she gulped down the bottle at once.
Harmonic orchestral [ɔːr'kestrəl] effects are very pleasing to our ears.
Hands should be washed with soap to improve hygiene.
Immigration has increased due to the financial crisis.
We were shocked by their indifference toward poverty.
Uncontrolled diet and unhealthy eating habits result in indigestion.
My kid's indiscriminate coloring methods use up all our crayons.
These wires are made of copper, with colored plastic insulation.
I think these simple math problems should be intelligible to you.
Remote places are suited for introspective thinking.
The damage done to the car was irreparable.
Unless we act soon, global warming may become irreversible.
Biking was the first thing on our itineray [aɪ'tɪnəreri]; we did it all morning.
Everyone has to abide by the laws formulated by the legislature ['ledʒɪsleɪtʃər].
The leopard is a fast-running predator that can climb trees.
Reading enriches the girl's literary [lɪtəreri] knowledge.
We will need a lot of lumber to build our house.
Small microbes cause disease.
Each year millions of migratory birds come to our country.
A good fruit salad will mingle flavors of many different types of fruit.
He was negligent in his duty to provide his girlfriend with intimacy.
The factory's smoke is noxious and bad for our health.
A nucleus ['nuːkliəs] 原子核 is the center of an atom.
I was surprised to find that the occupant of the car was my good friend.
He was too outspoken, so she taped his mouth shut.
How could I have missed my bosses' email? What a horrible oversight!
What a beautiful sight -- cows grazing peacefully on a green pasture ['pɑːstʃə(r)].
With a good knowledge of physiology we can keep our bodies healthy.
She pinches the fat on her thigh [θaɪ].
Pollen ['pɑːlən] carried by bees is responsible for the reproduction of flowers.
His proficiency with guitar was obvious ['ɑːbviəs].
This projection of our future sales looks very healthy.
The construction was ratified as being in accordance with the building code.
Recollection gets harder as you get older.
Smoking is harmful to your respiratory ['respərətɔːri] system.
I use shears to cut my bushes.
Driven by envy, women often slander each other.
Massage soothes your body and keeps you fit.
We pride ourselves on the sophistication of our selection of wines.
Hampton Court is a famous English stately home.
This castle is substantially built to repel attackers.
These soldiers use modern tactics to repel enemies.
Tilting to either side will affect the balance.
Hot vapor steamed out of opennings in the volcano.
Sadly, the judge's verdict ['vɜːrdɪkt] was that I was guilty.
I am tired of trying to satisfy my kid's whims.
The conductor is leading the band.
Tardiness is a bad habit, so learn to be on time.
The kid extolled the play, clapping for a long time.
The shirtless man wears suspenders.
You will have to pay two dallars at the turnpike.
She had small abrasions on her skin from the fall.
Piano is her real avocation [ˌævoʊ'keɪʃn]; She plays it everyday.
All vertebrates have a spinal cord.
Many cacti have spicky skins.
The two balls counterbalance each other.
She studies dietetics so she can eat healthier food.
I used the match to rekindle the fire.
The land is swampy, with many small pools of water.
The treatment transmuted her skin, giving her a younger look.
Giving blood is 100% voluntary; nobody will force you to do it.
These ethnic 种族的 minorites wear colorfull clothes.
Brushing my teeth is part of my daily routine.
There's a tendency for increased sales to lead to increased profits.
We go to the chapel to praise God.
The king reigned [reɪn] over Egypt thousands of years ago.
The preliminary drawings of the building are already finished.








































